Add conditional branch fetching to useWorkflowRuns (#3821)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/github-actions/.changeset/short-drinks-count.md

> ---
> '@backstage-community/plugin-github-actions': minor
> ---
> 
> Changed useWorkflowRuns to allow fetching all branches only when required by the view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage-community/plugin-github-actions': patch
---

Fixed an issue where branches were fetched unnecessarily by certain components.
```
